= Guard::Passenger

Guard::Passenger is the useful development server solution. The guard automatically starts Passenger and intelligently restarts the server when needed.

== Install

Please be sure to have {guard}[http://github.com/guard/guard] installed before continue.

Install the gem:

    gem install guard-passenger

Add it to your Gemfile (inside test group):

    gem 'guard-passenger'

Add guard definition to your Guardfile by running this command:

    guard init passenger

== Usage

Please read {guard usage doc}[http://github.com/guard/guard#readme]

== Guardfile

Passenger guard can be really be adapted to all kind of rack project with Passenger.
Please read {guard doc}[http://github.com/guard/guard#readme] for more info about Guardfile DSL.

=== Standard rails app

    guard 'passenger' do
      watch(%|lib/.*\.rb|)
      watch(%|config/.*\.rb|)
    end

=== Passenger standalone

Passenger standalone is used as default. You can pass options to the guard to disable or configure it. Guard::Passenger will start Passenger on startup and take it down on exit.
By default Passenger standalone is activated and port is set to 3000.

=== Ping

You can choose to ping localhost:port(/path) after Passenger has been restarted, it's done asynchronously so it won't block other guards execution. If you set :ping to true, it will ping localhost:3000/, it you set :ping to a String, it will append the path to localhost:3000/ for the ping.
If the ping responds with a non-5XX response, Passenger is considered as running, otherwise, there is probably a problem with Passenger.

=== Guard options

Guard::Passenger accepts some options for configuration.

    # :standalone    boolean            run Passenger standalone                (default: true)
    # :port          integer            using the given port                    (default: 3000)
    # :env           string             framework environment                   (default: development)
    # :ping          boolean or string  ping localhost after Passenger restart  (default: false)

    guard 'passenger', :standalone => false, :port => 3001, :env => 'production', :ping => '/foo' do
    end

== Development

- Source hosted at {GitHub}[http://github.com/guard/guard-passenger]
- Report issues/Questions/Feature requests on {GitHub Issues}[http://github.com/guard/guard-passenger/issues]

Pull requests are very welcome! Make sure your patches are well tested. Please create a topic branch for every separate change you make.

== Authors

{Fabio Kuhn}[https://github.com/mordaroso]

{Contributors}[https://github.com/mordaroso/guard-passenger/contributors]
{Forks}[https://github.com/mordaroso/guard-passenger/network/members]
